The player is put into a world it knows nothing about.

One thousand years ago this world was at war. The three most powerfull nations
fought eachother for hundreds of years for territory. These three most powerfull
nations were the ants, spiders, and ladybugs. The ants had the power of numbers,
the spiders had the power of silk, and the ladybugs were masters of alchemy.

Alchemy was very dangerous and hard to use. Only a select few ladybugs were able
to succesfully use it without being destroyed by it. However, these few ladybugs
were the primary reason the ladybug nation was so strong.

After almost 300 years of fighting, a powerfull ladybug decided it was time to
end the war. He attempted to summon a dragon using untested techniques. The
dragon summoned was the most powerfull creature anyone had ever seen. However,
something had gone wrong during the summoning process. The dragon was infused
with evil energy and killed the ladybug which had summoned it.

After this the dragon took to the skies and destroyed everything in its path.
After seeing this the three nations knew that in order to defeat this enemy they
had to unite as one. Together the three nations defeated the dragon and locked
it deep within a tomb. This tomb is now guarded by all three nations.

The ladybugs casted a spell on it which would summon a [final boss] if any
travelor tried opening the tomb. After this the spiders and ants forced the
ladybugs to stop using alchemy. Only those who were guarding the tomb were able
to use alchemy.

---

Over a thousand years the evil energy of the dragon slowly escaped. Eventually
there was enough to where the dragon could summon someone to release it. This is
who the player is. However, the player does not know that he was summoned by the
dragon and has no knowledge as to why he is in this world.

Over the course of the game the player gains abilities and learns alchemy. As
the player gains more knowledge they slowly become able to understand the
language that the bugs are speaking.

The ants and spiders are hostile towards the player because they are trying to
stop him from releasing the dragon. However, initially the ladybugs try to speak
to the player and tell him what he is doing. When this doesn't work the ladybugs
become hostile.

The final boss is summoned when the player gets close to the tomb. After
defeating the boss the player is given the knowledge to be able to lift the seal
on the tomb.
